hello and welcome to movies in five
minutes or less
this is a recap of the 2014 action movie
kingsman the secret service
starring taryn edgerton and samuel l
jackson
warning spoilers ahead
leon leonwyn a probationary secret agent
sacrifices himself to protect his
superior hairy heart from an explosion
during a mission in the middle east in
1997.
harry returns to london blaming himself
for lee's death he visits lee's widow
michelle and presents a medal to her
young son gary on win called eggsy
the medal has an emergency assistance
number engraved on it
seventeen years later eggsy is a
stereotypical chav having dropped out of
training for the royal marines despite
his intelligence and talents for both
gymnastics and parkour
eggsy dials the emergency assistant's
number on his medal after being arrested
for car theft
harry arranges eggsy's release and
explains to him that he is a member of
kingsman a private intelligence service
founded by british elite who lost their
heirs in world war one and decided to
use their money to protect the world
the organization is named after a tailor
shop that clothed them which they now
use as a front for their bases
harry who uses the code name galahad
explains that the agency has a vacancy
as agent lancelot was killed by the
assassin gazelle while trying to rescue
university professor james arnold from
kidnappers
harry chooses eggsy as his candidate
he joins other hand-picked candidates
such as roxy who makes you be friends
merlin a senior kingsman is in charge of
training
only eggsy and roxy eventually make it
through the arduous selection process
when eggsy fails the final test roxy
takes over as the new agent lancelot
merlin notes that professor arnold is no
longer missing
harry tries to question him at the
imperial college london but a microchip
in professor arnold's neck explodes and
kills him
the detonation signal was traced by
kingsman to a facility owned by
gazelle's boss richmond valentine
valentine is an internet billionaire and
philanthropist who has provided free
cellular and internet connectivity to
everyone on the planet
harry impersonates a billionaire and
dines with valentine to try to ascertain
his plans
during the conversation valentine hints
that he knows harry is a secret agent
but in order to secretly track his
movements and learn more about his
organization valentine lets harry leave
unharmed
harry discovers valentine's connection
to an obscure hate group's church in
kentucky and travels there wearing video
transceiver equipped glasses so that
eggsy merlin and the kingsman's leader
arthur are able to watch via video link
it turns out that it is a trap as
valentine's sim cards are being used to
broadcast a tone that causes everyone in
the church including harry to become
uncontrollably violent
as a result of harry spy training he is
the only survivor
valentine explains what happened outside
the church before shooting harry in the
face
when exe returns to kingsman
headquarters he notices that arthur has
the same scar on his neck as valentine's
other converts
arthur tries to poison eggsy with a
poison brandy but eggsy switches glasses
with him
before arthur realizes he is about to
die he repeats valentine's reasoning to
exe global warming is the earth's
equivalent of a thief and humanity is a
virus that has infected the planet
valentine intends to send his
neurological wave around the world via
satellite network believing that the
resulting calling of the human race will
prevent extinction due to global warming
only valentine's chosen ones will be
spared
arthur dies after activating the poison
he thought he had given eggsy
valentine is being pursued by eggsy
merlin and roxy
roxy uses high altitude balloons to
break up valentine's network by
destroying one of his satellites but
valentine replaces it and activates the
signal starting his call and sending the
world into a mad frenzy of destruction
exe is discovered by charlie hasketh a
failed kingsman candidate and both eggsy
and merlin are cornered
merlin activates the implanted chips
failsafe killing almost everyone with a
chip
valentine's celebrity jail inmates
valentine himself and gazelle are the
only villains who are unaffected
eggsy kills gazelle and uses one of her
sharpened prosthetic legs to impale
valentine and kill him ii stopping the
signal and ending the worldwide carnage
after that exe has a sexual encounter
with tilda the crown princess of sweden
whom valentine kidnapped
in a mid-credits scene eggsy now known
as galahad offers his mother and half
sister a new home away from his abusive
stepfather who is knocked out in the
same way that harry knocked out a
gangster earlier in the film
thanks for watching movies in five
minutes or less
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
till next time